feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6554a57ec0a2c52106e7ee50.md

---
id: 6554a57ec0a2c52106e7ee50
title: Step 59
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-59
---

# --description--

> Inside the `else` statement, create a comment saying `Find the right key character to encode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `else` statement, create a comment saying `For message longer than key, after using all chars from key, key will be used from the start again`.
```
It's a bit long, some word smoothing still could be used.

> Inside the `else` statement, create a comment saying `Find the right key character to encode`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside the `else` clause, write a comment saying `Find the right key character to encode`.
```

I would suggest changing "statement" to "clause".
